[Music]
let's paint sit overnight and I'm gonna
sand the entire surface just lightly to
remove all the little fuzz and dust
pieces
now that I have a really smooth surface
to work with we can get a little bit
more aggressive with the sandpaper now
obviously all these outside edges will
receive more wear and tear throughout
the years than the inside edges when you
move this thing around you're going to
be grabbing down here so maybe the paint
can start to fade right here and also
when you're sitting on this your feet
are always going to be right here for
the most part so maybe a couple really
bad wear spots where they feet
[Music]
now that you have the paint the way that
you wanted we need to protect these
perfect imperfections and I use a lot of
lacquer so I buy mine involving you and
apply it with my spray gun if you don't
have a spray gun don't be discouraged
you can get the exact same results by
buying it in simple aerosol camp
[Music]
now I'm very happy with the way that
this turned out its first time I've
tried this method but you know I saw it
on Pinterest so it's on Pinterest that
means anybody can do it right
I hope this demonstration shows you how
easy this type of appearance is to get
thanks for watching guys and have a
great day
[Music]